---
page_title: Projects - Terraform Cloud
description: >-
  Use projects to organize and group workspaces and create ownership boundaries
  across your infrastructure. 
---

# Overview

-> **Note:** Projects are available to all users, but managing project
  permissions requires the [Team &
  Governance](https://www.hashicorp.com/products/terraform/pricing) tier. 

Projects let you organize your workspaces and scope access to workspace
resources. Each project has a separate permissions set that you can use to grant
teams access to all workspaces in the project, defining access control
boundaries for teams and their resources. Project-level permissions are more
granular than organization-level permissions, but more specific than individual
workspace-level grants.

When deciding how to structure your projects, consider which groups of resources
need distinct access rules. You may wish to define projects by business units,
departments, subsidiaries, or technical teams. 

> **Hands On:**  Try our [Managing
  Projects](/terraform/tutorials/cloud/projects)
  tutorial. 

## Default Project

Every workspace must belong to exactly one project. By default, all workspaces
belong to an organization's **Default Project**. You can rename the default
project, but you cannot delete it. You can specify a workspace's project at the
time of creation and move it to a different project later. 

The “Manage Workspaces” team permission lets users create and manage workspaces.
Users with this permission can read and manage all workspaces, but new
workspaces are automatically added to the “Default Project” and users cannot
access the metadata for other projects. To create workspaces under other
projects, users also need the "Manage Projects & Workspaces" permission or the
admin role for the project they wish to use.

## View Projects
To view your organization's projects, click **Projects**. 

The projects table displays the project's metadata, including its name, description, and the number of teams and workspaces that belong to it. You can sort projects by name by clicking the blue arrow icon beside the **Project name** table header.
To view your organization's projects, click **Projects**. You can sort the
projects by clicking on the blue arrows beside the “Project name” table header.
The table displays project’s metadata including name, description, and the count
of teams and workspaces that belong to the project. 
